---
indicator: 1.a.3
layout: indicator
permalink: /1-a-3/
sdg_goal: '1'
data_non_statistical: false
goal_meta_link_text: UN Metadata
graph_type: line
indicator_name: >-
  Bei Bundes- und Landtagswahlen wahlberechtigte Bevölkerung mit
  Zuwanderungsgeschichte
indicator_sort_order: 01-aa-03
published: true
reporting_status: notstarted
target: >-
  Bei Bundes- und Landtagswahlen wahlberechtigte Bevölkerung mit
  Zuwanderungsgeschichte
target_id: 1.a
graph_title: >-
  Bei Bundes- und Landtagswahlen wahlberechtigte Bevölkerung mit
  Zuwanderungsgeschichte
un_designated_tier: '3'
data_show_map: false
source_active_1: true
source_url_text_1: Link to source
source_url_text_22: Link to source
source_active_2: false
source_url_text_2: Link to Source
source_active_3: false
source_url_3: Link to source
source_active_4: false
source_url_text_4: Link to source
source_active_5: false
source_url_text_5: Link to source
source_active_6: false
source_url_text_6: Link to source
title: Untitled
---
